doc: recommended to use apisix-standalone mode for installation. (#2470)
apache/apisix-ingress-controller: docs/en/latest/upgrade-guide.md

In 2.0.0, all data plane configurations must originate from the Ingress Controller. Configurations via Admin API or any external methods are no longer supported and will be ignored or may cause errors.

#### APISIX With Etcd (Admin API) synchronization performance

> In APISIX Ingress Controller 2.0.0, ADC performs scheduled resource synchronization by diffing against the admin API response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In APISIX Ingress Controller 2.0.0, ADC performs scheduled resource synchronization by comparing resources against the admin API response.
```
